444444444444444444444

Write a 1 to 1.5 page essay describing the ways computing technology effect social and economic between people.  
Explain how digital computing both disrupts and reinforces existing social relations.
Describe the possible role of digital computing in fighting poverty and supporting economic development.

Recently, using of IT and social communication is increasing between people.
as we can see, as we walk on the road, or park all people using their own electric devices such as MP3, phone, Radio...
All of devices are required to develop the qualities of the goods. and to do it, should be able to handle those computer languages.
It means that wherever people go, they are affected by technology of IT and managed under the internet server. By computing technology developing,
human being's life would more complex, and variety. Nowadays, there are a lot of application that communicate with around the world. For example,
SNS(social network services)- such as like Facebook, Instagram.. etc.. We usually look at it, and learn, feel like how the other feel as well.
The point is there is possibilities that information what we are looking at would not be true, and it would cause disrupt among the people who believes
or not. On the other hand, Literally there is an adavantage. as fast as light the information what people want to share can be spreaded.
and with that fast, people who use and belong in social community would notice then, share that again and again. this is kind of way that progressing social relation development.
In many communication systems, lots of charities are existing. these are also beloing with corporation businesses so that the donation scale is tremendous as much as we usually thought.
If there is no corruptions while project is operating, where has the poverty problem would be solved quickly. Further, by sharing people's own idea with each other, 
econimic quaility would be able to be better. For example, recently share market is becoming more important so speed of the convey is one of subject people should get through. 
